feat: support custom layout (#641)
run-llama/create-llama: packages/server/README.md

> Note that `generateEventComponent` is generating JSX code, but you can also provide a TSX file.

## Custom Layout

> LlamaIndex Server supports custom layout sections. To use custom layout, you need to initialize the LlamaIndex server with the `layoutDir` that contains your custom layout files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LlamaIndex Server supports custom layout for header and footer. To use custom layout, you need to initialize the LlamaIndex server with the `layoutDir` that contains your custom layout files.
```

```ts
new LlamaIndexServer({
  workflow: createWorkflow,
  uiConfig: {
    layoutDir: "layout", // default is "layout"
  },
}).start();
```

```
layout/
  header.tsx
  footer.tsx
```

> We currently support custom header and footer for the chat interface. The syntax for these files is the same as events components in components directory.

Reviewer: link to this section
